farrance is the first thing people
notice when they walk into your door
fragrance has power it connects us to
special memories and people so we put
great fragrance with PartyLite in your
home you're just setting yourself up for
good memories really when I first
started my PartyLite business about
eight years ago my husband was very
skeptical and then I started making real
money that really helped our family and
then I took him on a Caribbean cruise
for seven days completely paid for by
party light and that changed everything
party light has probably the most
incredible potential for income out
there my friends are still in shock with
how well I am doing I mean we have
consultants that are just getting
started and they're looking at earning
an average of forty to fifty dollars an
hour I have been able to replace the
income I had working 60 hours a week in
corporate America by selling PartyLite
when you think about getting the second
job you think long hours on the weekends
with PartyLite I'm able to work three
hours on a Saturday and make the money
that I would make in an eight-hour shift
elsewhere I love the party light income
because there's no glass ceiling our top
people are earning over six-figure
income and I said that's exactly what I
want so I put that for it in right from
the start so I see it taking me not only
into six figures but further and further
in my first year I made over 52,000
dollars and went on a free trip to
Portugal it's flexible you can work it
around your schedule around your family
around your other activities so it just
fits I am able to be home with my
children and work a fraction of the time
that I used to work I work the amount of
hours I want to work it's my own
business so I get to kind of do whatever
I want with it
never ever choose another path for me
and my family you couldn't pay me to go
back to an office job like at all people
ask me all the time would you go back
nope
ever I love who I become because I'm the
PartyLite consultant the biggest thing
PartyLite has given me is such a great
confidence you learn skills that will
stay here for life and I feel like I can
accomplish anything I want to accomplish
with party life party ladies a dream
come true job for me it's a fun time and
it's definitely more fun than doing a
nine-to-five I just love doing it I love
it more than I even thought I would
there's just no doubt in my mind that
now is the best time to do with party
life